faster
[Music]
this is one of the number one
conferences on the circus the best
people are here talking about the things
that really matter to them starters come
to Europe we come to disaster 100 I
think that it's pretty rare in our
industry that we're able to get together
in a less formal fashion there's just a
sense of hunger here that I don't get at
other conferences it was great super
exciting group of Founders really great
panels really great questions and lots
of engagements if you want to be a part
of that you gotta come the content's
amazing I feel like you learned a ton
every single time you come from Jason to
Parker Conrad these are people who have
done it at the very highest level and
and that's honestly the number one thing
that gets me excited about faster is all
of these smart people in one place and
all the connections that it brings I've
come second meets like amazing Founders
uh entrepreneurs operators to get like
infos and vegan chips and I crave that
and so sassa's was a great opportunity
for me it's joyous to genuinely come and
spend time to get the energy that feels
more like you know you're just out of
gathering of friends than out of at a
conference which is awesome it's always
great to join the biggest event of the
industry
the same challenges bombs us uh really
well and I think the personal
relationships we build here are really
super powerful as we go through this
Unforgettable Journeys in our companies
together it draws in a lot of people
from the host of fun as well right so
it's very very International there's
popcorn machines and crepe stands and
happy hours and everybody can geek out
on B2B SAS which is pretty uncommon in
my day-to-day everyone everyone who
comes is gonna learn something
[Music]